W-16543932 Terminology and wording cleanup (#650)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: mule-gateway/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

For more information, see xref:gateway::flex-gateway-getting-started.adoc[Getting Started with Flex Gateway].

[[anypoint_mule_gateway]]
== Anypoint Mule Gateway

Mule runtime engine includes an embedded Mule Gateway. You can leverage the governance capabilities of API Manager to apply, among other capabilities, throttling, security, caching, and logging to your APIs.

> Using Mule Gateway, you can, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, using Mule Gateway you can:
```

* Apply a basic authentication policy on top of a Mule application.
* Enrich an incoming or outgoing message.

> * Add any other complex capability to an API without having to write any code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add other complex capabilities to an API without writing code.
```
